profile/README.md, before:

<picture>
  <img alt="Shows a black Browser Use Logo in light color mode and a white one in dark color mode." src="./static/browser-use-banner.png"  width="full">
</picture>

<br />

# Hi there, we are [Browser Use](https://browser-use.com)! 🌐

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1303749220842340412?color=7289DA&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://link.browser-use.com/discord)
[![Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud-☁️-blue)](https://cloud.browser-use.com)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Gregor?style=social)](https://x.com/gregpr07)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Magnus?style=social)](https://x.com/mamagnus00)

## 🔥 What do we do?

Magnus and Gregor, just two friends who love to code and build things. Our plan is to build the web agents of the future.

## ☁️ Want to use [hosted version?](https://cloud.browser-use.com)

We offer a hosted version of Browser Use for $30/month. Visit [cloud.browser-use.com](https://cloud.browser-use.com) to get started.

## 🤝 Contributions

We LOVE the community and contributions are always welcome!

Check our [open Browser Use issues](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use/issues) and [open Browser Use pull requests](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use/pulls) for more information.

If you see a bug in the docs, please report it at [Browser Use Docs](https://github.com/browser-use/docs/issues).

## 💬 Join the community

Don't want to miss out on our latest updates? Join our [Discord](https://link.browser-use.com/discord).

Commit message:

Enhance hosted version description in README
Updated the description of the hosted version of Browser Use to include additional features.

profile/README.md, after:

<picture>
  <img alt="Shows a black Browser Use Logo in light color mode and a white one in dark color mode." src="./static/browser-use-banner.png"  width="full">
</picture>

<br />

# Hi there, we are [Browser Use](https://browser-use.com)! 🌐

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/1303749220842340412?color=7289DA&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://link.browser-use.com/discord)
[![Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloud-☁️-blue)](https://cloud.browser-use.com)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Gregor?style=social)](https://x.com/gregpr07)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/Magnus?style=social)](https://x.com/mamagnus00)

## 🔥 What do we do?

Magnus and Gregor, just two friends who love to code and build things. Our plan is to build the web agents of the future.

## ☁️ Want to use [hosted version?](https://cloud.browser-use.com)

We offer a fully hosted platform of Browser Use with browsers, llms, custom data retention, support and a lot more. Visit [cloud.browser-use.com](https://cloud.browser-use.com) to get started.

## 🤝 Contributions

We LOVE the community and contributions are always welcome!

Check our [open Browser Use issues](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use/issues) and [open Browser Use pull requests](https://github.com/browser-use/browser-use/pulls) for more information.

If you see a bug in the docs, please report it at [Browser Use Docs](https://github.com/browser-use/docs/issues).

## 💬 Join the community

Don't want to miss out on our latest updates? Join our [Discord](https://link.browser-use.com/discord).
